4/05/2024

C_Switched tag is a net name for the switched current sense IC power supplies. This way the current sense IC's can be powered down to save power. If this becomes a problem then their resistors can be removed, and the current sense IC's powered directly.

For CLoad, I'm passing the output of the current sense IC's through a low pass filter consisting of RN8 + C40, and R28 + C42

Added a 1uF capacitor after D1 and before R17

I2C lines have the 12 ohm resistors as jumpers. If 12 ohms is too much resistance then they can be replaced with 0 ohm resistors or omitted in production. They are only there for testing.

GPIO on AP336772 are by default outputs which normally can be left floating. However, they can be configured as inputs and inputs should never be left floating. If there is any reason they end up configured as inputs, they need pull up or pull down resistors. Having these resistors here also enables an easier way to bodge wires to GPIO.

Zener not needed.

Found that the digikey PN was wrong for AP33772 (Had listed AP33771 which doesn't have I2C) Fixed.

No power mosfets on PWR_EN because they are not needed. The micro controller does all our switching with the buck/boost converter.

Resistors for ISL95808HRZ are either populated for pull up, pull down, or can be left unpopulated to leave that connection floating (floating in this case is a valid config based on datasheet). I'm not sure which one I want yet.

Not sure which AON7522E you are talking about. There is U12, U13, and U15. These are connected to their own MOSFET drivers that are controlled by the dsPIC. The dsPIC's PWM outputs are synced and pulse U15 just as U12 turns on when in boost mode.

IntBus is not a way to turn the power on, it is derived from the battery supply after the battery current sense IC. The power system works as follows.

An Active high on the Power_EN rail (but not more than 6v, clamped by a 5v zener diode) turns on the system power. Three signals can do this. +3.3VP (derived from the USB PD chip's built-in 3.3v LDO), SW_SIgnal derived from the power switch system, and
KeepAlive which is derived from the dsPIC in order to keep the system on until it needs to go into a low-power state. SW_Signal is from the switch system, which must be tolerant of up to 17V. This is done using a P-Channel MOSFET and some resistors. Pulling
the switch signal to ground activates the P-Channel MOSFET pulling SW_Signal up to 17V through a 5K resistor (RN9). This signal is then clamped by the Power_EN 5V zener diode.

C_Fault is active low. It is connected in series with a diode to the PWM input of U11, and another in series to Q5(N-Channel MOSFET driving P-Channel MOSFET U9) to shut down the buck converter and power output regardless of what the dsPIC is doing. It's a
hardware over current shutdown. It is pulled up by RN11. Before this signal get to the dsPIC, it is inverted by Q3 and RN11 so that C_Fault_In is active high and triggers an IRQ on the dsPIC. The fault outputs of the current sense IC's are both open-collector.
They only pull down.

Pin 22 of the dsPIC is analog board temperature input from U16 (Incorrect symbol, should be a temperature sensor but this works for now.) It is passed through a low-pass filter made from RN8 and C30.

All DRC board check pass with no warnings or errors.